feat(package-rules): matchCurrentVersion regular expressions (#7684)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

`matchCurrentVersion` can be an exact semver version or a semver range.

> This field also supports Regular Expressions which should begin and end with `/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field also supports Regular Expressions which have to begin and end with `/`.
```
